Damn, I love sitting
in the back seat.
In the front,
you have to look
at the road,
and I hate the road,
with all its white lines
and yellow lines.
Makes me sick.
Front seat's
for athletes only.
Right, Steve?
Who knew that when
you can't get on a
high school football team,
you can get on
a community center
rugby team?
Yep. I'm... I'm doing rugby.
As... as a player.
Touching the ball a lot,
some... some scoring
when the time is right.
Man, you can do anything
at the community center.
I'm debating whether
I should join Mom
in butchering
or Jeff in birdhouse building.
The birds could really
use your help, babe.
Did you know they sleep
on sticks and leaves?
They're called nests, Jeff.
And it's what
those chirpy-ass
sky rats deserve.
You're in a bad mood, Klaus.
You should try butchering.
It's been helping
me with my...
What's it called?
Female rage.
"The rage you feel
when bitches don't
mind their business."
Can I help you?
Oh, butchering it is.
I'm in a bad mood
because Buckle's playing oboe
in the community orchestra.
That was my instrument.
I didn't know you played
an instrument, Mr. Klaus.
I don't.
I only joined
because Danuta
plays the piccolo,
which sits right next
to the oboe section,
but Buckle took the oboe,
so now I'm playing
the trombone,
which is a million miles
away from piccolo.
Wow, Klaus. Please
give us more details
about the orchestra
and all the sitting
around you do.
I've been
looking for a reason
to drive off a bridge.
Jesus.
Now, Steve,
I'm not super familiar
with European sports.
I've heard of
the Eiffel Tower,
but that's technically
more of a sex move.
So fill me in.
Everything about rugby.
- Go.
- Hup, we're here.
Thanks for the ride, hon.
Hey, Stan. I'm gonna go ahead
and let you drop me off
in front of the building.
I don't get it, Roger.
Why is Steve being
so weird with me?
I wish I could help, Stan,
but I'm deeply embedded
in this old persona,
Maestro Gunter
Van Sliezebiscuit,
and he only knows
about conducting.
Now, we're here
and you've come
safely to a stop, so...
♪ Good morning, USA ♪
♪ I got a feeling
That it's gonna be
A wonderful day ♪
♪ The sun in the sky
Has a smile on his face ♪
♪ And he's shining a salute
To the American race ♪
♪ Oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ Good morning, USA ♪
Ah!
All right, we've got a big,
big tour coming up,
starting here tonight
and ending at
the hottest venue
in town, the zoo.
Danuta, are elephants
our favorite animal
at the zoo or what?
- No.
- Damn it.
You're in my spot,
golden fish.
Let's warm up.
Hit it, sexy-phone.
- Piccolo.
- Oboe.
I lost my oboe.
This is a blow gun with holes.
Trombone.
Piece of crap.
I can only reach one note.
And now the soft
trill of harp.
Okay, now everyone
shut the hell up.
- Cello, take us home.
Well, the boy's not
much to look at,
but good damn,
can he play the cello.
He's right. You're talented.
You need to invite your dad
to the show tonight.
No way. I can't invite Dad.
I told him I'm playing rugby
and he's proud of me for it.
He's proud
of a version of you
that doesn't exist.
Why do you even care?
Because, and this
goes for all of you,
I'm not just
a conductor of music.
I'm a conductor of life.
Really? In that case,
my daughter stopped
speaking to me--
A conductor
of Steve's life.
Just Steve.
And, Steve, allow me
to conduct a warning.
One, two, and tell your dad
or daddy issues will
haunt you forever.
Who did that?
Jenny!
Bird friends, say goodbye
to your pile of sticks
and hello to your
new deluxe birdhouse.
You'll notice
I put in some extras like
lighting and running water.
Hope you like it.
Mom, you got a little blood.
Did I get it?
They're moving in!
Oh, wipe your feet.
This is Brazilian Ipe wood.
It's gorgeous,
but it needs to
be oiled often.
Hey, is that a cricket
in there? No pets.
Oh, they ate it.
That's natural.
Roger,
you invited him?
Yes. I'm conducting
your life. Now solo.
Is that Steve? Is this rugby?
Where are the Australians
and their beefy thighs?
Lewis, not yet!
It... it's not me,
it's the audience.
Even Dad.
That's my boy playing
the big-ass violin.
He's proud of me.
Daddy's not proud.
Maestro,
what are you doing?
I don't really like Steve.
Good morning--
Roger, you tried
to kill Steve.
My Steve? This Steve?
The Steve with the
big bandage on him?
Yeah. You got me pretty good.
You went totally berserk.
Like...
Yes. Yeah.
It was just like that.
It wasn't me,
it was my persona.
He had a flashback to an
earlier time in his life.
- There was fire everywhere.
And I saw sheet music
for Dvorak's Cello
Concerto in B Minor.
The same piece we were
playing at the concert.
Exactly.
I must have repressed
something horrible that
happened to the Maestro.
It's rare, but sometimes
I'll embody a persona
that experiences
their own trauma.
I think the Maestro
has daddy issues.
You said "Daddy"
when you were in
your stabbing trance.
Best kind of trance there is.
You didn't attack
until Dad was
proud of me.
That moment,
combined with the music,
must have triggered
your flashback and
subsequent violence.
A musical genius
and a psychiatry whiz?
What can't this boy do?
Well, he's proud of you now,
and I'm not attacking you.
What if I do this?
♪ My pride and joy ♪
I'll kill you!
Whoa. I see your point.
I guess I'll have to
retire this persona.
- What?
- No.
He's the reason
Steve and I are
finally connecting.
Did you know Steve
likes black licorice?
How unique is that?
I don't like to tell people.
I don't need
the extra attention.
We have to figure out
what happened to the Maestro
and his dad and fix it.
We need you to
have more flashbacks.
- Sounds a little
dangerous for you.
- Not at all.
Dad will protect me
while you conduct
that Dvorak piece.
Then we piece together
what happened to the Maestro
and work through it.
Piece together.
Like the
pieces you play
in an orchestra.
We piece the
memories together...
Piece by piece.
I had no control over that.
Which is a shame,
because that was
a beautiful flying hook.
Are we really
gonna go ahead
with these concerts
just to unlock
the Maestro's memories?
I'm worried you're gonna
be mad if I kill Steve, Stan.
You might even kick me
out of the house.
No way, bud. Did I kick
you out of the house
when you scratched up
my old Jerky Boys CD?
- Yes.
- And I'd do it again.
It was at a concert hall.
We may need to up security.
Shadowy figure.
Dad!
I think the shadowy figure
is the Maestro's dad,
but I can't tell.
I wonder if Maestro's father
is a famous composer,
like John Williams.
Yes. Or maybe Hans Zimmer.
Or he could be Hans Zimmer.
Yeah, that's a famous one too.
I just said Hans Zimmer.
I don't care anymore.
The Maestro's dad
is just going to be Roger
in a little hat anyway.
This is our last
performance of the tour.
Our last chance to see
who the shadowy figure is.
Ah! Dad! Help!
Hey, I almost saw
the Maestro's dad.
Roger, look at Steve.
- This is too dangerous.
We should stop.
- That's a good idea.
I knew you'd abandon me.
Just go and leave me
here to die.
They'll wake up eventually.
No, he's right, Dad.
We have to finish
what we started.
I remember everything.
His name was Papa Heinrich
and he raised Maestro.
He lives in Berlin.
He loved the symphony
and I burned down
the concert hall.
I have to see him.
I have to apologize.
We're going to Berlin!
Guys, I don't mind
if you have a party,
but you got to keep it down.
All right. Have your party.
But be careful with
Mr. Klaus' speaker.
He never goes
anywhere without it.
My JB Flip!
We have to turn
the plane around!
Papa Heinrich.
You got really old.
Oh, you're a custodian.
I am.
Is it really you, Gunter?
Yes, Papa Heinrich.
I'm sorry I burned down
the symphony hall
and then ran away.
It was your favorite place.
Can you ever forgive me?
Oh, Gunter,
it was an accident.
Of course I forgive you.
He forgives me!
- Jenny.
Let's go to
Dieter's Brew Haus.
I remember where
we used to eat.
Oh, it's all flooding back.
Let me just grab
my big trash can.
I will pick zat up!
He's really proud
of his work, huh?
♪ Trash, trash, I love trash ♪
♪ Pick it up, throw it away ♪
♪ I'm a garbage man
With a garbage can ♪
What a garbage band.
Oh, no, that means I like it.
You said that squirrel was
just here for the weekend.
But I see his
stockpile of nuts.
It's obvious you've
got an unauthorized
sublet situation--
Oh, my God. He just
hopped away from me.
Jeff, does your birdhouse
have a freezer big enough
to hold a moose?
And you just
forgot everything?
Yes, I pushed it away
deep into my mind
because I was so ashamed.
Und you came back
for the re-opening
of the concert hall.
- Huh? The one I burned down?
- It just reopened this week.
We should go.
It's the perfect coda
to Maestro's entire journey.
Beautifully put, son.
My pride is coming
to a crescendo.
Ze light broke.
It's trash now.
I'll clean it!
What the heck?
That could've
killed Steve.
I'm gonna complain.
Where's the manager?
I'm ze manager.
Can I help you?
I just need an excuse
to get away from my table.
I don't really need a manager.
When you call for a manager,
I cannot leave until you
give me a complaint.
Okay. Well, the manager
is bothering me.
Terribly sorry.
I will speak with me.
Why did you use
your super speed
to loosen that light fixture
so it would fall on Steve?
Papa Heinrich forgave you.
You should be healed.
Hey, can you
keep it down?
I'm trying to piss
this brand-new way
where I stand on
top of the tank,
but pee delicately enough
that the increased speed
of my urine from this height
doesn't splash onto the floor.
Man, I've always wanted
to try that. Go for it.
So close.
- Damn it.
- Roger?
- Dad?
So, Papa Heinrich,
do you like strudel?
I like trash.
Stan, Steve, all this time
we thought my persona
had daddy issues.
- But it's actually me.
- What do you mean?
This is my dad, my real dad.
My issues are with him.
So, Papa Heinrich, shove off.
Wow. My dream is realized.
I am become ze trash.
Heya, how you doing?
Name's Fred.
You got a crazy
chin, my friend.
This seedy-looking
man is your dad?
What? Oh, hold on.
He does personas, like me.
Hey, big man,
how much that
suit cost you?
I know a guy that can
get you one for real cheap
and looks expensive.
Want me to make a call?
Stan, you got to
take him up on that.
Roger, we can and will
get the suits later.
But first, we need to
know what's going on.
Well, it all started--
Actually, you know what?
I hate telling a story
without a beer in my hands.
- Dad, would you mind?
- I'd be delighted.
You start the story
and I'll be right back.
This round's on me.
Uh, hey, sport,
what's your
last name again?
Smith. Sport Smith.
He's putting it
on my tab, isn't he?
It all started in the '70s.
Of course, in the '70s,
everybody found
their way to Berlin.
Great food, cool music
and charming
little businesses.
And that's when I saw Dad.
Fred left when I was a kid,
but I recognized
him immediately
from photos my mom
would burn annually
as a cleansing ritual.
He was so awesome.
He was
a lone wolf,
a renegade,
and brimming with
sexual energy.
Hey. You girls want
to kiss an alien?
I'm an alien. Give me a hug.
But I was too scared
to talk to him.
He left when I was a baby.
Probably because
I was a stupid baby
who deserved it.
I had to make sure
I was perfect
before I walked
back into his life.
If I could figure out
what he loved,
I could change
myself to be that.
And what he loved
was the symphony.
That's why I became
Gunter Van Sliezebiscuit,
the son of the
concert hall's
custodian.
Being Gunter
gave me full access
to Fred and the symphony.
And I was able to study
all the great conductors
that came through.
And once I was ready
and had bought
that shockingly
expensive white stick,
I presented myself
to my father
as a conductor of the
thing he loved most.
The symphony.
But I blew it.
It wasn't
Papa Heinrich
in that seat.
It was my real dad, Fred.
Daddy, don't look.
I could tell he recognized me.
A son can always recognize
when his father
recognizes his son.
And he left,
disappointed in me again.
Then I repressed
my abject failure
into Maestro's
persona and ran.
To be honest, Roger,
this guy sounds
like a real dirtbag.
And not a cool
dirtbag like you.
Like a... like a guy you'd--
You'd see sitting
on a folding chair
outside a pawn shop.
- Yes. Thank you.
- What? Where are
you getting that?
This is a story
about a bad son,
undeserving of
a father's love,
who must have
done something terrible
to push his daddy away.
- Probably.
- Roger, it's not
your fault.
Wrong again.
Not wrong. Your dad
abandoned you twice
in the story you just told,
and he's trying
to do it again.
Dad, did they
run out of beer or...
Okay, there's a chance he
might be trying to ditch me.
Go get answers, Roger.
You deserve them.
FYI, ma'am,
wherever you're heading,
I'm gonna have to stop
by the liquor store first
to pick me up another Mad Dog.
The meter will
continue running.
No problem. Hey, quick Q.
Why are you abandoning me?
Roger. There you are.
You see, what happened was--
- Crash.
Roses? For someone
you need to apologize to?
- For abandoning?
- Oh, yeah, good idea.
Ah!
You may now kiss the--
Wait a second. You ain't a--
Oh, the bride's a real broad.
What are you doing
after this wedding, sweetheart?
Ugh. Forgive him, Father.
He knows not what he does.
Or does he?
Look. We're twins,
and twins tell each
other everything.
Okay. Okay.
I can't keep running.
Your personas are tireless.
They're kind of
my favorite thing.
Speaking of,
look where we are.
Welcome to ze
Berlin concert hall.
Let the good times
and the fruit rinds roll!
That's right, you ingrates.
Winter's come early.
This is my favorite
part of butchering.
Making snow out of the bones.
All right, let's
just get to it.
You left when
I was a little kid,
only 400 years old,
so what did I do wrong?
Uh, I just wanted
to be on my own.
It had nothing to do with you.
My whole life had
nothing to do with you.
That's kind of the point.
But come on.
You're here
on Earth,
in Berlin, the only town
you've seen me in
in the last 1,000 years.
You have to be here
for me a little bit.
Oh, I'm just popping in
for the reopening
of the symphony.
And to stock up
on my eczema cream.
Honestly,
I forgot you were
on this planet.
Stan and Steve were right.
You're a dirtbag.
I don't need you.
Yeah, you don't
need me or anyone.
Needing people
means other people
have control of your life.
Or it means
you're lucky enough
to have people
in your life who care.
Oh...
That family you're
playing house with?
Please. They'll drop you
the second you get difficult.
I'm always difficult.
I tried to murder
Steve dozens of times
in the last three days alone.
Roger, are you in here?
Yes. I'm over here with my--
With my no one.
Sorry, Roger.
He's missing out.
I guess I just wanted
a father-son bond
like you two have.
We can't all have an
incredible bond like, um--
Like Papa Heinrich
and an old milk carton?
Oh, no. The magic's gone.
What the hell?
Well, I'm disappointed
you're not playing rugby.
I knew it!
Oh, my son,
the great detective.
♪ And that's an episode
Set in Germany ♪
♪ But had nothing
To do with me ♪
♪ The German fish ♪